+++
title = "ChatGPT assisted Changelog - 36-39/52"
date = 2025-09-26
[taxonomies]
tags = ["gpt", "changelog", "weekly summary"]
+++

**Travel and Prague notes**

A first Europe trip to Prague sparked a travel post and follow ups. Sections
about the castle, tram lines 6 and 17, and Czech Cubism were drafted. Airport
and TSA logistics were covered, including CT scanner lanes at PDX, KLM meal
expectations, missed connection handling at AMS, and return routing via JFK.
Mint Mobile's international pass proved sufficient for a week, with OsmAnd
recommended for offline maps and Obtainium used to install apps without Play
Store.

**Czech visa preparation**

Residency planning continued. A rental listing in Holesovice prompted an email
draft to the agent and an explanation of Czech 4+1 flat notation. Resources for
US to CZ expats, the role of Flatio, timing without a fixed move date, and
document prep were explored. An employer affidavit template was rewritten in
plain text. Fingerprinting and FBI background check expectations were
clarified. Czech terms like software engineer and contract types such as HPP
were noted.

**Cameras and creative gear**

Beginner travel camera options were compared: Nikon Z30 and Canon R50 kits
versus the Ricoh GRIII for street and night work. Strengths, tradeoffs, and
lens choices were outlined. For carry systems, compact bags and local stock for
brands like WANDRD were discussed, with an eye toward minimal kits.

**Discourse experiments and ideas**

A flurry of off label Discourse concepts landed, from non forum app patterns to
playful ideas like Conway's Game of Life. Practicalities came up too: VPS disk
pressure from journal files, running locally instead, and revisiting plugin
basics. A specific plugin that tracks days until the next cake day was analyzed
for implementation details and feasibility.

**Desktop tooling and small wins**

On Wayland, grim plus wl copy needed an explicit MIME type to fix clipboard
issues. A Nushell function location was clarified, and a prompt flow was added
to optionally save screenshots after copying. Hyprland confirmations and UX
touches resurfaced as blog worthy tips.

**Selling, shipping, and decluttering**

Paths for selling a non running 1974 Ford Ranchero in Portland were mapped out:
where to get initial consultations, rough cost expectations for engine checks
and tune ups, and whether restoration would raise sale value. Services that
help sell or donate household items were listed. Options for shipping personal
goods from the US to Europe were compared at a high level.

**Email deliverability and DNS**

Email headers were unpacked for a non technical audience. DKIM and DMARC were
explained in plain terms, realistic DNS propagation timing was set, and common
DMARC failure causes were reviewed. The idea of account warming was addressed
with a pragmatic lens. Header domains and alignment details were parsed from
sample Authentication Results lines.

**Disc golf market checks**

Kastaplast first run prices were researched with a focus on Falk, Lots, Stal,
and Gote. Market ranges, recency caveats, and condition effects were noted. A
correction landed for the Reko mix, with early plastics clarified. A well used
FR Berg valuation was discussed with realism about wear and ceiling prices.

**Personal finance and admin**

401k choices were outlined: cash out implications, rollovers to IRAs, and how a
move abroad intersects with taxes and planning. Help from fiduciary advisors
and any digital nomad friendly country programs were surveyed at a high level.

**Logos, apps, and posts**

A map based Loop Finder app concept took shape using Vue, with local
GraphHopper via Docker Compose to remove API key friction. Zola templating for
shared resume layouts was explored. A prior post on typing Swedish with a US
keyboard kept attracting search traffic.

**Housekeeping on the site**

Styling for headings aimed at mobile readability while respecting an 80 char
column. Prior weekly summaries stayed the model: plain text markdown, no fancy
chars, prose first, and wrapped lines. Future posts were queued from several
threads above, especially Prague transport notes, Hyprland prompts, and the
email DNS explainer.
